OSDOCS-17319 updates to ESO documentation (#102710)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-enable-operand-log-level.adoc

= Setting a log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand

[role="_abstract"]

> Set the log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand to control the verbosity of log messages. This helps you adjust the amount of detail recorded for troubleshooting or monitoring purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the log level for the {external-secrets-operator} operand to control the verbosity of log messages. By doing this task, you can adjust the amount of detail recorded for troubleshooting or monitoring purposes.
```
